now we look instead
to understand well
the problems it can give to light pollution
we must introduce
the imp miles concept of cycles
a cycle is something that starts repeating itself
in nature children are present everywhere
you know that
what a earth is a cycle
does every year around the sun
we notice it when a season is repeated
the moon also has a cycle
turning around the earth
we understand why it is full
every 29 days returns
this is a very nice image I found on the internet
is a moving image actually a small movie
of the moon
that here if you look up at the end there are days that pass quickly
peter 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 each one of these two a complete gift so it is a lot
speeded up to make this movement since the moon there is no brands there
small slice then comes in half and then comes full hippolytus moms
that wasn't there
29 days go by and this is precisely a cynic so it is a one
passage
from book not in the dark is the sum insured full moon and then again
so dark is always a cycle that is always repeated to infinity
the pearl as well as around the sun also turns on itself
with a giant spinning top she rotates the wheel is never stops
for every full circle that turns everything around
with the sun that helps us the night
it's the day
kelly concert
in short, you have to imagine that the sun is me
it perhaps strikes on this side therefore the part of the earth that it was
on this side it is in full day while the part on this opposite side
instead in the dark
therefore voting the land allows us to have
we are in the sun illuminating the day
and death
also this cycle
each of these cycles is really important for the earth the animals the
place and also the plants
and thanks to these cycles that there is life on our planet if they had to
break
for everyone it would be over
but this is something that fortunately cannot happen but be careful
there are rules that must be respected
with this I introduce you to the history of a plant
that at night rests
but during the day even though motors monza
a lot of dog facts
you don't know if you know children
plants all plants
and thanks to the sunlight
they do not receive sunlight
and even to some take we know that link plants need water
to live
is
they produce a scratch-free fishing day that they are from the man and
animals to live without oxygen know many things love
and all this happens thanks to sunlight to water is also another gas that
it is called it must carbon that it is because hello is a gas that
instead we make us human beings living beings when
we throw out the air after we breathe the oxygen we transform into
Chromonic cheerfulness to the plant only friends take carbon dioxide cd from
oxygen
this is also a child cycle up
then
it is with the light every day he starts his work
with chlorophyll photosynthesis it gives us pussy.
so here I show on the crowd what I just explained to him that yes
called chlorophyll photosynthesis so we see better than that
carbon dioxide enters that which we throw out when we
let's blow out the air
light enters
and the scene
oxygen
also enter the water excuse oxygen fish
and the plant harbor beach also the glucose that a juice constructs element
red news keeps him on top
inside me
within himself
what could happen if we read light even at night
she would be too tired because she would always work
even for a plant the rest is very important if we do without it
we risk diseases
that sometimes even death
so children imagine the weather paròn was put the image of two
street lamps that have a glass view
ok said protruding
so they throw light everywhere
in the plant it is also found at night
corpse light and therefore does chlorophyll photosynthesis also dino
not even imagine as if you were always going to school by day
night you do not stop mail they are always work sap work overwork maybe a
couple of days you can do it too
when a little
have begun to feel bad to suffer here is to happen plants
but that this presentation ended
so this serves to remind us
all living things
eee but also the earth to the moon
have cycles
and they are of ct that are important for all must be respected